Major League DJz
Major League DJz consists of twins Bandile and Banele. This twin set is a 
dynamic duo bringing fresh energy to every platform they engage with. 
Born in Boston, USA, the twins moved to South Africa after the apartheid era. 
Being exposed to music at a very young age, Major League DJz were highly 
influenced by the sounds of Jazz and Hip-Hop music which ushered them 
into the entertainment industry in their early teens.

The duo’s vision is to use music to unify youth across Africa. 
Major League DJz aspire to play music for Africa by Africans in an attempt to 
change the perception of African Hip Hop. The twins are well on their way to 
achieving this goal through their Urban Breeze events which currently occur 
weekly in the Alexandra township and have 
steered up a generous Hip Hop following in an otherwise House music dominated 
territory.

FEATURES AND EVENTS
The twins have hosted parties for the likes of 50 Cent, Akon and Fat Joe, and 
have played alongside both local and international artists such as DJ Fresh, 
Euphonik, Roger Goode, DJ Trauma, DJ Drama and DJ Woo Kid. Major League 
DJz can be spotted at all the hottest clubs and parties across South Africa.



Major League DJz Biography: Early Life | Career | Personal Lives

Early Life and Background
The twins were born in Boston, USA, on 3 January 1991, where their father was a South African ambassador. They moved to Johannesburg, South Africa, after the apartheid era. Their father was a pianist and exposed them to various genres of music, such as gospel, jazz, RnB, and hip-hop. They learned how to play the piano from their father but sadly lost him to a heart attack when they were young.

 
The twins started their music careers as DJs and music producers after completing their high school education. In 2006, they decided to pursue music professionally and began hosting events and after-parties for famous artists.

In late 2008, they formed the music group Major League DJz and introduced the “New Age Kwaito” music style, which blends hip-hop and kwaito elements. They have released several albums and singles, such as The Bizness (2014), Do Better (2017), and What’s The Levol (2020). The twins are also known for their popular events called “Major League Gardens”, which feature live hip-hop and house music performances with various artists. They also have the Amapiano Live Balcony Mix Africa, where they invite fellow deejays and artists to play for a live crowd.

In 2016, they joined the Mabala Noise recording label. They have also worked with other artists such as Anatii, Cassper Nyovest, Nadia Nakai, Kwesta, Focalistic, Abidoza, and others.

 Major League DJz career in music This twin set started their music career at a very tender age. They are skilled DJ duo, and their live performances are a blast. The twins have hosted parties for 50 Cent, Akon, and Fat Joe. Besides, they have played with such famous DJs as DJ Fresh, Euphonik, Roger Goode, DJ Trauma, DJ Drama, and DJ Woo Kid. They have also performed on the same stage as some international artists such as Kanye West and Kid Cudi. Currently, they are famous for being the leaders of what is known as the “New Age Kwaito” music. They are known for their fully packed events called “Major League Gardens,” which involve live hip-hop and house music performances with various artists. Major League DJz record label Since 2016, the Major League joined the Mabala Noise recording label. It was introduced by their friend and co-worker Riky Rick. Mabala Noise Entertainment offered the DJ duo to collaborate with Anatii and Cassper Nyovest. The twin DJs did a perfect and fantastic job with other artists. Read more: https://briefly.co.za/48879-all-major-league-djz.html
